1)What is the Program ?
A Program  can be defined as a  set of the Intstructions is exicuted by the mechine to reduce the burden of the user (or)developer.
and performing the operations faster without making any mistakes.
What is the Software ?
Software can be difened as the set of the programs can be done the multiple tasks.
Types of the Software ?
System Software and the Application Software 


What is the System Software ?
System Software is designed to interact with the hardware to make them work then it callled as the 
System Software .ex:different types of the "Os" Generallly its developed by using the C,C++ ...etc

Application Software:
The software is designed to Procees the data ,communicate the data,providing the Entertainement,and to Do the Bussiness like 
ex:different types of the applications ...it is devloped by the using Java,.net...etc


Applocation software is divided into the two types they are

1) Standalone Software  2) Web application Software

1) Standalone Software :
A software which can be executed by the in the  context of a single mechine then it is called as the Standalone Software 
ex:windows media player.Ms word

2)Web  Application based Software :
A software  which is executed in any mechine in the context of a browser 
ex:fb,gmail...etc

 
What is the Java?
Java is a High level programing language.and it is also objectorientedPrograming language.

What is the History of the java ? 
and it was invented by the SunMicroSystem int 1991.with help help of james Gosling and his team.
and then sun microsystem is acquired  by the Oracle.first it called as a GreenTalk .with having he extension of the 
.gt and then it calledas Oak .then it called as the java .In 1995 it released the the first basic version .and the last update
is JSE10 .
 
In the 1995 Java Language is released in the 3 Edition they are. 


1)JSE(Java Standard Edition)
2)JEE(Java Enterprise Edition) 
3)JME(java Mobile Edition)
Every thing in the form of the API

ApI:
Api is Application Programing Interface
It will generally cantataining the Packeges and Intefaces ,classes.
The Implimentation of the API is called as the Software .
We are having 2 Types if the API
	1)Public API: Public Api is nothing but the Api is given by the One vendor The Implementaion can be done by any one.
	2)Propretory Api(Private API):Public Api is nothing but the Api is given by the One vender The Implementaion can be done by same vendor.	

Why the Java Became very Popular?
Because of the Its providing Features. They are 

1)Simple:
>In java easy to develop the code and easy to compile and easy todebug and easy to execute them by the hwelp of the jvm.
>Java will having the same syntax like that the other languages so we can easaly migrate from the other languages to java 
>By the help of the java we can develop the maduler programs .then we can make themm as a reuseble code.
>It's doesn't having the complex topics like pointers and Templets ana operator Overloading.
>In java is the only responseble for the memory allocation .deallocation will be take care of the Garbage Collector.
 2)java is Object Oriented 
>java languge is the object oriented language .if any language is said to be the object oriented language it's application should be 
 developed by using the objects and the classes.
 Ojbect :
 The object can be defined as the Any Entity is Physically exist in the real world and requires some memory then it is 
 calledas the Object.the Object will having the some properties and having the some actions properties is nothing but the 
 data actions are the task(or)Operations performed by the  objects.
 Class :
 Class can defined as it is a combination fo the sum of the the common proeprties and coomon actions.
 Class is a blue print for the how to create rhe objects.the class will be having the number ++++of objects but without the object 
 we can write the class but the with out the class we can not the create the class.
 ex:class--University
 ex:Objects:KPRIT,MRCEW
 3)Secured :
  >Security is very important to the every programing language.but in the java Inbuilt having the Security .thenit can protect
   data from the  unauthorised users.
  4)PlotForm Independent:
  Java is the PlotFormIndependent language .because we can develop the program in any mechine .and then we can execute them 
  in the any mechine with irrespective to the System operating System,and system architecture
  
  In the C language  is PlatformDependent language .because  we c program  will be developed in the one Mechine with extension
  of the ".c" and then it will be compiled ,then compiler will be generated ".exe" file it will having the that system mechine
  code so that execute before it will check their instructions then it will executed.because every system having the different types
  instructions so it became plotformdependent.
  ex:
   









 
 

